Generic events documentation rewrite (#1612)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/plugins/guides/events/generic-document-events/index.md

<SinceBadge version="1.9.0" />

> Some actions in the document controller trigger generic events. Generic events can be used to apply modifications homogeneously on documents processed by this API controller, without having to write dedicated pipes for each action, independantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some actions in the document controller trigger generic events. Generic events can be used to apply modifications homogeneously on documents processed by this API controller, without having to write dedicated pipes for each action, independently.
```

There are 4 types of generic events, depending on the action performed on documents: 
* get: when documents are fetched
* write: when documents are created or replaced
* update: when partial updates are applied to documents
* delete: when documents are deleted

As with other API events, generic ones are triggered before and after documents are processed:
* generic "before" events (`generic:document:before*`) are triggered **before** the regular `document:before*` events
* generic "after" events (`generic:document:after*`) are triggered **after** the regular `document:after*` events

> All generic events share the same payload signature, and pipes plugged to them must resolve to the updated (or not) array of documents received in their parameters.

Reviewer: Don't like the **must + or not** phrases
```suggestion
All generic events share the same payload signature, and pipes plugged to them may resolve to the updated array of documents received in their parameters.
```

| documents | `Array` | Array of documents (containing document `_id`) |
| request | `Request` | [Kuzzle API Request](/core/2/plugins/plugin-context/constructors/request#request) |

Triggered before documents are deleted.

### Example

```javascript
class PipePlugin {
  init(customConfig, context) {
    this.pipes = {
      'generic:document:beforeDelete': async (documents, request) => {
        // The "documents" argument contains the documents about to be 
        // deleted.
        // 

>         // Example: forbid deletions of documents containing a "foo:bar" field

Reviewer: Consistency in second person indicative, already using (refuses, adds, logs..)
```suggestion
        // Example: forbids deletions of documents containing a "foo:bar" field
```
